README.md, before:

# MetaTrader 5 for linux system

A simple package that uses [wine](https://www.winehq.org), [rpyc](https://github.com/tomerfiliba-org/rpyc) and a Python Windows version to allow using [MetaTrader5](https://pypi.org/project/MetaTrader5) on Linux.

## Install

1. Install [Wine](https://wiki.winehq.org/Download).

2. Install [Python for Windows](https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/) on Linux with the help of Wine.

3. Find the path to `python.exe`.

    - Mine is installed on `/home/user/.wine/drive_c/users/user/Local Settings/Application Data/Programs/Python/Python39`.

4. Install [mt5](https://www.mql5.com/en/docs/integration/python_metatrader5) library on your **Windows** Python version.

```
pip install MetaTrader5
pip install --upgrade MetaTrader5
```

5. Install this package on both **Windows** and **Linux** Python versions:

```
pip install mt5linux
```

## How To Use

Follow the steps:

1. Open MetaTrader5.

2. On **Windows** side, start the server on a terminal:

```
python -m mt5linux <path/to/python.exe>
```

3. On **Linux** side, make your scripts/notebooks as you did with MetaTrader5:

```python
# import the package
from mt5linux import MetaTrader5
# connecto to the server
mt5 = MetaTrader5(
    # host = 'localhost' (default)
    # port = 18812       (default)
) 
# use as you learned from: https://www.mql5.com/en/docs/integration/python_metatrader5/
mt5.initialize()
mt5.terminal_info()
mt5.copy_rates_from_pos('GOOG',mt5.TIMEFRAME_M1,0,1000)
# ...
# don't forget to shutdown
mt5.shutdown()
```

4. Be happy!

On step 2 you can provide the port, host, executable, etc... just type `python -m mt5linux --help`.

Commit message:

Incorporate recent MetaTrader5 software updates

README.md, after:

# MetaTrader 5 for Linux

**Forked from [lucas-campagna/mt5linux](https://github.com/lucas-campagna/mt5linux). This is a more up-to-date version which incorporates recent MetaTrader5 software updates. It works with Python 3.13**

## Requirements

1. [Wine](https://www.winehq.org)

2. [Python Windows](https://www.python.org)

3. [MetaTrader software](https://www.metatrader5.com/). 

Note: Above 3 steps are covered by the [MetaTrader Linux user guide](https://www.metatrader5.com/en/terminal/help/start_advanced/install_linux)

## Install

1. Install [Wine](https://wiki.winehq.org/Download).

2. Install [Python for Windows](https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/) on Linux with the help of Wine.

3. Find the path to `python.exe`.

4. Install [mt5](https://www.mql5.com/en/docs/integration/python_metatrader5) library on your **Windows** Python version.

```
pip install MetaTrader5
```

5. Install this package on both **Windows** and **Linux** Python versions:

```
pip install mt5linux
```

## How To Use

Follow the steps:

On **Windows** side:

1. Open the MetaTrader5 client.

2. Start the server on a terminal:

```
python -m mt5linux <path/to/python.exe>
```

On **Linux** side:

3. Make your scripts/notebooks as you did with MetaTrader5:

```python
# import the package
from mt5linux import MetaTrader5

# connect to the server
mt5 = MetaTrader5(
    # host = "localhost" (default)
    # port = 18812       (default)
)

# use as you learned from https://www.mql5.com/en/docs/integration/python_metatrader5/
mt5.initialize()
mt5.terminal_info()
mt5.copy_rates_from_pos("GOOG", mt5.TIMEFRAME_M1, 0, 1000)

# don't forget to shutdown
mt5.shutdown()
```

4. Be happy!

On step 2 you can provide the port, host, executable, etc... just type `python -m mt5linux --help`.
